Luke Skywalker and Han Solo rescued the
princess destroyed the Death Star but
their story didn't end there now the
creators of the biggest smash hit of all
time bring in the next episode in the
Star Wars saga The Empire Strikes Back
[Music]
continuing story of our band of heroes
Luke Skywalker Princess Leia Han Solo
c-3po r2d2 and Chewbacca and introducing
Lando Calrissian it's an epic of romance
[Music]
of heroes and villains they cross track
with boys to unknown world
[Music]
a galactic Odyssey against oppression
a big new sprawling space adventure in
the Star Wars saga The Empire Strikes
Back
coming to your galaxy next summer